Remove section 1.4.3.1 What are the required files? (#4050)
ESCOMP/CTSM: doc/source/users_guide/using-clm-tools/observational-sites-datasets.rst

Observational Sites Datasets
*******************************

> There are two ways to customize datasets for a particular observational site. The first is to customize the input to the tools that create the dataset, and the second is to overwrite the default data after you've created a given dataset. Depending on the tool it might be easier to do it one way or the other. Files that you may customize include ``fatmlndfrc``, ``fsurdat``, ``faerdep`` (for DATM), and ``stream_fldfilename_ndep``. To generate custom ``fsurdat`` files, you may modify the inputs needed by the ``mksurfdata_esmf`` tool. Also see :ref:`generic_single_point_runs` for relevant information pertaining to single-point simuations.

Reviewer: I don't understand how these two methods are mutually exclusive; they seem orthogonal to each other. Perhaps the first sentence should just be deleted.

Author: I would favor a simple solution like that. I will make some more edits here and then ping you.

Author: I pushed something, but I'm considering another iteration, so pls wait.

Author: Ok, I think I removed the notion that these methods are mutually exclusive. 
@samsrabin LMK what you think.

Observational Sites Datasets
*******************************

> A way to customize the model input datasets for single-point simulations is to customize the inputs to the tools that create the datasets. Another way is to overwrite the data after you have generated the datasets with default inputs. Depending on the tool and the dataset, one way or the other may be simpler.

Author: ```suggestion
A way to customize the model input datasets is to customize the inputs to the tools that create the datasets. One can also overwrite the data of already generated datasets. Depending on the tool, the dataset, and the planned simulation, one way or the other may be simpler, or a combination of both methods may make sense.
```

> Files that you may customize include ``fatmlndfrc``, ``fsurdat``, ``faerdep`` (for DATM), and ``stream_fldfilename_ndep``. Though generally to customize ``fsurdat`` files, you could modify the inputs needed by the ``mksurfdata_esmf`` tool, for single-point simulations we recommend a different method in :ref:`generic_single_point_runs`.

Author: ```suggestion
Files that you may customize include ``fatmlndfrc``, ``fsurdat``, ``faerdep`` (for DATM), and ``stream_fldfilename_ndep``. To customize ``fsurdat`` files, one may modify the inputs needed by the ``mksurfdata_esmf`` tool. In addition (or instead) we strongly recommend using the ``subset_data`` tool for single-point and regional simulations (see :ref:`generic_single_point_runs`). A combination of methods may make the most sense in some cases.
```
